new/data/downloaded.xml
new/data/clics/fontroja/rastres animals.JPG
new/data/clics/fontroja/dibuixnit.JPG
new/data/clics/fontroja/arbre en fons1.jpg
new/data/clics/fontroja/petjadagardunya1.jpg
new/data/clics/fontroja/Cova gelada4.JPG
new/data/clics/fontroja/Galer1.JPG
new/data/clics/fontroja/petjadaporc1.jpg
new/data/clics/fontroja/Aranya.JPG
new/data/clics/fontroja/mas de tetuan.JPG
new/data/clics/fontroja/Coscolla2.JPG
new/data/clics/fontroja/dibuix font1.jpg
new/data/clics/fontroja/ARBRE, EN TRONC FULLES I TIJA SENSE LINEES.JPG
new/data/clics/fontroja/Lligabosc.JPG
new/data/clics/fontroja/tim+¦1.jpg
new/data/clics/fontroja/fontroja.jclic
new/data/clics/fontroja/Paelleros3.JPG
new/data/clics/fontroja/dibuixdia.JPG
new/data/clics/fontroja/Forn de Cal+º.JPG
new/data/clics/fontroja/dibuixlupa.JPG
new/data/clics/fontroja/Font1.JPG
new/data/clics/fontroja/i01-/home/monica/Desktop/Fotos modificades clic/jpg/petjadarabosa1.jpg
new/data/clics/fontroja/Serp1.jpg
new/data/clics/fontroja/Carrasca2.JPG
new/data/clics/fontroja/Carrasca, fulles.JPG
new/data/clics/fontroja/porcSenglarenfons.JPG
new/data/clics/fontroja/petjadagat1.jpg
new/data/clics/fontroja/Mussol Mr Guapet m.jpg
new/data/clics/fontroja/pollet1.jpg
new/data/clics/fontroja/fountainIconNO.png
new/data/clics/fontroja/Estepa blanca1.JPG
new/data/clics/fontroja/Teix1.JPG
new/data/clics/fontroja/pitroig.JPG
new/data/clics/fontroja/petjadesmam1.jpg
new/data/clics/fontroja/Aur+¦ en fulles.JPG
new/data/clics/fontroja/petjadarabosa1.jpg
new/data/clics/fontroja/dibuix ou-gallina1.jpg
new/data/clics/fontroja/fleix.JPG
new/data/clics/fontroja/aus2.JPG
new/data/clics/fontroja/Marfull.JPG
new/data/clics/fontroja/ARBUST1.jpg
new/data/clics/fontroja/cava.JPG
new/data/clics/fontroja/Carbonera.JPG
new/data/clics/plantes2/imatg04.JPG
new/data/clics/plantes2/fotosintesi0S.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/Full_barreja01.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/classif01.3S.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/quadret0.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/Flor2.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/reproduc03.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/Imatge08.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/reproduccio.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/imatg09.JPG
new/data/clics/plantes2/Flor2_S.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/planta01S.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/Imatge12.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/fotosintesi_S.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/Imatge13.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/Classif01.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/imatg01.JPG
new/data/clics/plantes2/foto1_s.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/amb_flors.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/Classif01.3.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/Imatge05.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/num4.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/foto2_s.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/Classif01.1.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/Imatge11.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/foto3_s.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/fulla02.1.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/num0.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/reproduc02.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/plantes.gif
new/data/clics/plantes2/Classif02.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/imatg05.JPG
new/data/clics/plantes2/imatg10.JPG
new/data/clics/plantes2/Classif01.2.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/fals.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/Full_caduc_S.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/Imatge07.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/foto4_s.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/Classif03.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/fotosintesi_0.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/fulla01.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/fotosintesi_inf.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/num5.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/pol.len.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/planta01.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/reproduc01.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/Flor3.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/sense_flors.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/imatg08.JPG
new/data/clics/plantes2/imatg07.JPG
new/data/clics/plantes2/fulla02.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/imatg11.JPG
new/data/clics/plantes2/Benvingut.gif
new/data/clics/plantes2/num3.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/imatg02.JPG
new/data/clics/plantes2/imatg06.JPG
new/data/clics/plantes2/fotosint_s.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/Full_barreja02.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/imatg12.JPG
new/data/clics/plantes2/Imatge01.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/imatg03.JPG
new/data/clics/plantes2/Flor1_S.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/Ico_plant.gif
new/data/clics/plantes2/Flor1.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/foto5_s.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/vertader.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/num6.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/Full_peren_S.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/num2.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/reproduc04.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/foto6_s.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/Present.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/quadret01.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/plantes2.jclic
new/data/clics/plantes2/fulla01.1.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/Imatge03.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/Imatge02.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/fotosintesi0.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/num1.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/Imatge06.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/Imatge04.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/fotosint.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/Imatge09.jpg
new/data/clics/plantes2/pol.linitzacio.jpg
clicParser.pyc
clicHandler.pyc
ClicActivity/ContentCell.pyc
ClicActivity/Point.py
ClicActivity/InformationScreen.pyc
ClicActivity/FinishActivity.py
ClicActivity/__init__.py
ClicActivity/FinishActivity.pyc
ClicActivity/ExchangePuzzle.pyc
ClicActivity/styleCell.py
ClicActivity/__init__.pyc
ClicActivity/Activity.pyc
ClicActivity/HolePuzzle.py
ClicActivity/IdentifyPanels.py
ClicActivity/Cell.pyc
ClicActivity/HolePuzzle.pyc
ClicActivity/4.wav
ClicActivity/PanelsExplore.py
ClicActivity/WordSearch.pyc
ClicActivity/ContentCell.py
ClicActivity/MemoryGame.py
ClicActivity/Constants.py
ClicActivity/styleCell.pyc
ClicActivity/SimpleAssociation.pyc
ClicActivity/ComplexAssociation.pyc
ClicActivity/IdentifyPanels.pyc
ClicActivity/WordSearch.py
ClicActivity/Activity.py
ClicActivity/PanelsExplore.pyc
ClicActivity/Cell.py
ClicActivity/Point.pyc
ClicActivity/Constants.pyc
ClicActivity/DoublePuzzle.py
ClicActivity/ComplexAssociation.py
ClicActivity/Grid.pyc
ClicActivity/GeneralDialog.pyc
ClicActivity/DoublePuzzle.pyc
ClicActivity/InformationScreen.py
ClicActivity/Grid.py
ClicActivity/SimpleAssociation.py
ClicActivity/ExchangePuzzle.py
ClicActivity/MemoryGame.pyc
ClicActivity/GeneralDialog.py
sounds/finished_ok.mp3
sounds/action_error.mp3
sounds/action_ok.mp3
sounds/start.mp3
sounds/finished_error.mp3
sounds/click.mp3
sequencer.pyc
clicParser.py
MANIFEST
olpcgames/_version.pyc
olpcgames/pangofont.py
olpcgames/activity.pyc
olpcgames/_gtkmain.py
olpcgames/util.pyc
olpcgames/__init__.py
olpcgames/svgsprite.py
olpcgames/__init__.pyc
olpcgames/buildmanifest.py
olpcgames/dbusproxy.py
olpcgames/eventwrap.pyc
olpcgames/gtkEvent.py
olpcgames/pausescreen.py
olpcgames/video.py
olpcgames/mesh.py
olpcgames/canvas.pyc
olpcgames/activity.py
olpcgames/camera.py
olpcgames/util.py
olpcgames/copying
olpcgames/_cairoimage.py
olpcgames/eventwrap.py
olpcgames/textsprite.py
olpcgames/mesh.pyc
olpcgames/canvas.py
olpcgames/gtkEvent.pyc
olpcgames/_version.py
activity/clicplayer-icon.svg
activity/activity.info
paths.pyc
module_handler.pyc
browser.py
setup.py
Manager.py
paths.py
data/default.xml
data/test/places.sqlite-journal
data/test/places.sqlite
data/test/permissions.sqlite
data/test/secmod.db
data/test/cert8.db
data/test/xpti.dat
data/test/cookies.sqlite
data/test/compreg.dat
data/test/pluginreg.dat
data/test/key3.db
data/test/prefs.js
data/test/compatibility.ini
data/test/Cache/_CACHE_003_
data/test/Cache/_CACHE_001_
data/test/Cache/AF212412d01
data/test/Cache/D778DA62d01
data/test/Cache/_CACHE_MAP_
data/test/Cache/_CACHE_002_
data/test/Cache/C50930B0d01
data/test/Cache/7913E747d01
data/clics/sugar_clic_help/Imagen 1.png
data/clics/sugar_clic_help/imagen_42.png
data/clics/sugar_clic_help/Imagen 4.png
data/clics/sugar_clic_help/Imagen 4_4ES.png
data/clics/sugar_clic_help/Imagen 4_5ES.png
data/clics/sugar_clic_help/Imagen 3.png
data/clics/sugar_clic_help/Imagen 4_1ES2.png
data/clics/sugar_clic_help/Imagen 4_3ES.png
data/clics/sugar_clic_help/Imagen 4_1ES.png
data/clics/sugar_clic_help/Imagen 4_2ES.png
data/clics/sugar_clic_help/sugar_clic_help.jclic
data/clics/sugar_clic_help/Imagen 4_6ES.png
data/clics/conill/CAU.wav
data/clics/conill/conejo.peq.JPG
data/clics/conill/FRASE.wav
data/clics/conill/maiz1.jpg
data/clics/conill/conill2.gif
data/clics/conill/gran.jpg
data/clics/conill/gel.jpg
data/clics/conill/QQ.wav
data/clics/conill/marieta.jpg
data/clics/conill/conejodientes.JPG
data/clics/conill/9CONILLS.jpg
data/clics/conill/PARELLES1.wav
data/clics/conill/IELEM1.wav
data/clics/conill/6.wav
data/clics/conill/rabbit..JPG
data/clics/conill/ovella.jpg
data/clics/conill/bosque.jpg
data/clics/conill/GABIA.wav
data/clics/conill/pastagana2.JPG
data/clics/conill/BIGOTI.wav
data/clics/conill/E3.wav
data/clics/conill/cara.jpg
data/clics/conill/PUZZLE2'.wav
data/clics/conill/Q.wav
data/clics/conill/8CONILLS.jpg
data/clics/conill/maiz.jpg
data/clics/conill/conill.jclic
data/clics/conill/gran2.jpg
data/clics/conill/POTES.wav
data/clics/conill/9.wav
data/clics/conill/conejo2-1.JPG
data/clics/conill/hierba.2.JPG
data/clics/conill/conejoss.JPG
data/clics/conill/portada.jpg
data/clics/conill/cargol.jpg
data/clics/conill/6CONILLS.jpg
data/clics/conill/IDEN2.wav
data/clics/conill/OMPLIR2.wav
data/clics/conill/4.wav
data/clics/conill/IDEN1.wav
data/clics/conill/conills.cau.JPG
data/clics/conill/7CONILLS.jpg
data/clics/conill/OMPLIR1.wav
data/clics/conill/URPA.wav
data/clics/conill/4conills.jpg
data/clics/conill/GRANJA.wav
data/clics/conill/Q1.wav
data/clics/conill/granja.jpg
data/clics/conill/nuez.jpg
data/clics/conill/C2.wav
data/clics/conill/BIGOTIS.jpg
data/clics/conill/conill_icon.svg
data/clics/conill/elefant.jpg
data/clics/conill/PUZZLE2.wav
data/clics/conill/gatet.jpg
data/clics/conill/ORELLES.jpg
data/clics/conill/conejitos+mama.jpg
data/clics/conill/E4.wav
data/clics/conill/EXPLORA.wav
data/clics/conill/IELEM.wav
data/clics/conill/P1.wav
data/clics/conill/E6.wav
data/clics/conill/BOSC.wav
data/clics/conill/urpa.JPG
data/clics/conill/hierba.1.JPG
data/clics/conill/E1.wav
data/clics/conill/gabia.jpg
data/clics/conill/C1.wav
data/clics/conill/gran3.jpg
data/clics/conill/POTES.jpg
data/clics/conill/conejo.jpg
data/clics/conill/5.wav
data/clics/conill/REDUIT.jpg
data/clics/conill/VIURE1.wav
data/clics/conill/VIURE2.wav
data/clics/conill/8.wav
data/clics/conill/conillet.jpg
data/clics/conill/4CONILLS..jpg
data/clics/conill/ORELLES.wav
data/clics/conill/galletas.jpg
data/clics/conill/2con.jpg
data/clics/conill/E5.wav
data/clics/conill/E2.wav
data/clics/conill/conillsorra.jpg
data/clics/conill/conejo21.JPG
data/clics/conill/granja1.jpg
data/clics/conill/7.wav
data/clics/conill/DENTS.wav
data/clics/conill/5CONILLS.jpg
data/clics/conill/ULL.wav
data/clics/conill/macarrones.jpg
data/clics/conill/pastanaga.1.JPG
data/clics/conill/P2.wav
data/clics/conill/SOPA.wav
downloadmanager.pyc
browser.pyc
ManagerData.pyc
controller.py
sequencer.py.orig
Manager.pyc
db_clics.pyc
activity.py
ManagerData.py
clicInstaller.pyc
sequencer.py
locale/fr/activity.linfo
locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/net.netii.kumuolpc.ClicPlayer.mo
locale/es/activity.linfo
locale/es/LC_MESSAGES/net.netii.kumuolpc.ClicPlayer.mo
locale/ca/activity.linfo
locale/ca/LC_MESSAGES/net.netii.kumuolpc.ClicPlayer.mo
clicActivitiesHandler.py
clicInstaller.py
controller.pyc
po/fr.po
po/es.po
po/ca.po
img/siguiente.png
img/reiniciar.png
img/prev.png
img/misclics.png
img/standardcursor.xbm
img/primero.png
img/anterior.png
img/siguiente_des.png
img/ultimo.png
img/app/appIcons/manual.png
img/app/appIcons/clics_2.png
img/app/appIcons/title.png
img/app/appIcons/home.png
img/app/appIcons/download.png
img/app/appIcons/about_2.png
img/app/appIcons/clics_mini.png
img/app/appIcons/download_2.png
img/app/appIcons/no.png
img/app/appIcons/clics.png
img/app/appIcons/manual_2.png
img/app/appIcons/borrar.png
img/app/appIcons/si.png
img/app/appIcons/goBack.png
img/app/appIcons/about.png
img/app/appViews/PlayView.glade
img/app/appViews/MyClicsView.glade
img/app/appViews/mainView.glade
img/app/appViews/BrowserView.glade
img/app/appViews/WSview.glade
img/app/appViews/views.glade
img/app/appViews/windowApp.glade
img/app/appViews/DownloadingInfo.glade
img/descarga.png
img/home2.png
img/next.png
img/anterior_des.png
img/logotipo6.png
clicActivitiesHandler.pyc
db_clics.py
downloadmanager.py
